are we
back think we're
back it's crazy
distracting oh I forgot what
is this thing stable
now I think
so thank do all of the M's have
correct mob
long
yeah these ones have
proper initializers
five six seven 8 nine okay good so these
all have good initializers
let's try this
this
works24 instances this should work I
think name Breakout
ah puffer Li
environments yeah so let's fix that
yeah so right
[Music]
here. ocean
no attribute and creator
this whole registry thing strikes me as
kind of stupid the more I think about it
can't I just do like fromer
lib
do if it's not the Internet it's the
damn camera today I
swear oh from puffer li.
ocean break
out so why does that not
work is that
not
breakout breakout. Breakout
yeah so that's
obnoxious that's super
obnoxious so what I want is I want to
just be able to have puffer li. ocean
import puffer li. ocean and then you see
all the environments
right or you import from you import the
specific
environment okay let me think about that
cuz I actually don't need this whole end
Creator
like this is a pattern that I
took from other annoying environments
where you couldn't get access to their
source
I think puffer ocean is going to be
better we're just going to have the
bindings available directly that's a
pretty nice that'll be a very nice
Improvement
actually e
I think you have to
do let me see if this
works
snake can you just do this for
that's Bizarro right is that just not
updated where is
snake even getting added here
connect
for oh cuz it's the the directory I
see I don't think it's a good idea to
have to import all the freaking
environments
yeah that's super obnoxious
I always run into this stupid problem in
python as
well is this stream even
up can't even tell if the stream is
up H yeah it's
up so what I want to do right is I want
to have something like from puffer li.
ocean import
snake the ideal
syntax actually I'm going to stick this
in the freaking
CLA I cannot be
asked
have oper Li ocean I
slash
snake
Pake I
want
snake up
so that's what I'm currently doing I'm
probably just missing an anit file
that's kind of gross
yeah that is
cancer python packaging in general just
freaking
sucks I guess we'll just make sure that
they're all fast
um so I basically I already have it
here and then what's wrong
this should actually work then shouldn't
it oh
it's do I just do it here
you have to do
this that works and if I take this out
oh it still works
the only alternative to this is to put
the rappers themselves
into uh ocean in it
right to fix the packaging
I will consider
that that might not be terrible because
then you would just get puff for.
ocean uh do snake and you wouldn't get
this
garbage you would end up with a thousand
line uncore nit
file I don't like having the code for
the environment each environment I don't
like them all being together and I don't
want them to be in an underscore net so
I don't think that's going to be we're
not doing that for now for
sure so what happened when I
did oh it does work I don't know what
was wrong
before
yeah did I not write this hold on
oh you do need this just didn't
write that's really
obnoxious okay I don't like that but
whatever what the heck for
we might actually want to just add a
perf T generally to Native
puffer and then this end crator thing is
just an
alias barely even needs to exist
frankly e
okay so I think this is good this is an
improvement uh I don't know if any of
these other ones actually
work like these ones these are going to
end up getting done with uh ocean Sandy
rework I think
that's a good improvement though that's
a nice clean up
uh h
okay
um there's also the matter of like all
this garbage and
snake I think I can just clean this up
right C snake. pie snake. pie
X see
and now we just have these
files
good you don't need wait see snake
oh yeah this is totally
fine yeah and then we do we prefix with
S I believe
we'll have to clean up the consistency
here s snake
is this a thing this precompute path
thing I don't think that this
is I don't think this is a thing anymore
right C precompute
pathing I think I ported this into
native
see yeah I had to
there you go so that now
works that now works
these are just original uh older
implementations that I don't think you
need they're
uh this was confusing people as is
yeah okay this is making progress
here
um I've heard there are various issues
with some of
the third party M I'm trying to think
what the priori is going to be for those
I think we do
docks we do docks before we look at
third party ends what we're going to
do so for docks
right okay so from paperb Ocean you just
import breakout like
this break
out let's
actually let's just get this to be a
live server that'll be easier
that way I can copy from the latest
versions so we just go
to e
does this have n hack in it or
something oh yeah it has these in it
cool I mean this is the only